feat(genapi): update zed tutorial with devstral small model (#5346)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/reference-content/adding-ai-to-zed-ide.mdx

      Your key will be deleted if you restart Zed. To store it permanently, you can set up your Scaleway secret key as `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable and restart Zed.
    </Message>

4. Your setup is complete. If you open a new chat and select `Devstral Small - Scaleway` model, you can send text and see the model using local tools to perform actions such as file reading or editing. You can review changes before they are applied and also add custom remote tools using [Custom MCP Servers](https://zed.dev/docs/ai/mcp).

> Additionally, you can use [Inline Assist](https://zed.dev/docs/assistant/inline-assistant#:~:text=You%20can%20use%20ctrl%2Denter,even%20within%20the%20terminal%20panel.) feature when editing your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can use the [Inline Assist](https://zed.dev/docs/ai/inline-assistant) feature when editing your code.
```
